README.md, before:

## My Web Application (Add your Title here)

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Contents](#content)

## General Info

This browser based web application to ...

* Hi, my name is Jihoon. I'm excited about this project because I want to learn how to work with others on making a program.
  Hi, my name is Shuyi. I'm excited about this project because coding is fun.

## Technologies

Technologies used for this project:

* HTML, CSS
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* ...

## Content

Content of the project folder:

```
 Top level of project folder: 
├── .gitignore               # Git ignore file
├── index.html               # landing HTML file, this is what users see when you come to url
└── README.md

It has the following subfolders and files:
├── .git                     # Folder for git repo
├── images                   # Folder for images
    /blah.jpg                # 
├── scripts                  # Folder for scripts
    /blah.js                 # 
├── styles                   # Folder for styles
    /blah.css                # 

Firebase hosting files: 
├── .firebaserc...


```

Tips for file naming files and folders:

* use lowercase with no spaces
* use dashes (not underscore) for word separation

Commit message:

Added one line intro to README file for Justin

README.md, after:

## My Web Application (Add your Title here)

* [General info](#general-info)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Contents](#content)

## General Info

This browser based web application to ...

* Hi, my name is Jihoon. I'm excited about this project because I want to learn how to work with others on making a program.
  Hi, my name is Shuyi. I'm excited about this project because coding is fun.
  Hi, my name is Justin. I'm excited about this project because I want to learn how to code.
## Technologies

Technologies used for this project:

* HTML, CSS
* JavaScript
* Bootstrap
* ...

## Content

Content of the project folder:

```
 Top level of project folder: 
├── .gitignore               # Git ignore file
├── index.html               # landing HTML file, this is what users see when you come to url
└── README.md

It has the following subfolders and files:
├── .git                     # Folder for git repo
├── images                   # Folder for images
    /blah.jpg                # 
├── scripts                  # Folder for scripts
    /blah.js                 # 
├── styles                   # Folder for styles
    /blah.css                # 

Firebase hosting files: 
├── .firebaserc...


```

Tips for file naming files and folders:

* use lowercase with no spaces
* use dashes (not underscore) for word separation
